[Music]
Jimmy Freddie can't wait for our
interview and I can't wait to let you
know that that time makes you look like
an assistant manager at RadioShack this
is a sevenfold 100% silk tie jacquard
weave Eldridge not where'd you get that
tie Jessie penniless I'll have you know
that this Shelby and I won best tie at
the taya Ward's and that was a black-tie
event let me show you a real man ties a
tie Chrissa not Merovingian don't touch
my tie he touched my tie first
[Applause]
half-windsor behold
Kimmo The Witches I gaze into a tie and
see how you will die
[Music]
burned at the stake weird you want to
get weird along let you get here that'll
kill stop what are you doing
no what are you doing stop no what are
you doing what are you doing stop it my
god the infinity knot
what have you done I don't know I'm
sorry
so just between us ties when are you
entire are gonna tie the knot the flush
bags the legends are true have you come
to save us from taxes ooh the destroyer
of worlds yeah we did we got ya that's
why we're here
Oh burned at the stake now I get it
now it makes sense doesn't it me it
doesn't make sense
[Music]